# A bit about me

[personal-pic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19398390/29977437-5575f73c-8f0b-11e7-99d4-90e1379afc1b.png)

My name is Emily Venuto, and I am a senior in Computer Science at SUNY New Paltz in New Paltz, NY. I began my college career in Electrical Engineering, where I was exposed to my first programming course in C++. I quickly fell in love with programming, and changed my major to Computer Science when I transferred to New Paltz as a junior. Once arriving there, I plunged headfirst in Computer Science II, Database Design, and Assembly and Architecture. I have since also taken OOP, Computer Science III, Software Engineering, and Algorithms in Cryptography. This summer I studied Data Analytics through New Paltz, where I learned the R programming language. Towards the end of the summer, I began working on the Udacity Full Stack Web Development course, during which I have utilized Python, HTML, and CSS. I very recently began to use GitHub to document my school and personal projects (https://github.com/evenuto). In terms of platforms, I have worked with Android Studios, Eclipse, MS Visual Studio, Mathematica, NI Multisim, and RStudio.

Admittedly, I do not have a long history with Web Development. However, it is a field for which my interest has skyrocketed in the past several months, and I am very excited to delve in the projects and topics we will be covering. I have worked on several Android apps in the past, so I look forward to improving my understanding of how to build these apps, both in providing a positive experience for the user and allowing it to flow effortlessly behind the scenes. 
